# python
Overview
This dataset provides detailed information about various Airbnb listings from different regions. It includes essential features such as property details, host information, location, pricing, amenities, and guest reviews. This dataset can be utilized for a variety of data analysis and machine learning tasks, including price prediction, sentiment analysis, and geographic trends in short-term rentals.
Abstract overview of the notebook Since 2008, guests and hosts have used Airbnb to expand on traveling possibilities and present a more unique, personalized way of experiencing the world. Today, Airbnb became one of a kind service that is used and recognized by the whole world. Data analysis on millions of listings provided through Airbnb is a crucial factor for the company. These millions of listings generate a lot of data - data that can be analyzed and used for security, business decisions, understanding of customers' and providers' (hosts) behavior and performance on the platform, guiding marketing initiatives, implementation of innovative additional services and much more.

http://localhost:8888/lab/tree/Airbnb%20python%20project.ipynb
Conclusion
Summarizing our findings, suggesting other features¶ This Airbnb ('AB_NYC_2019') dataset for the 2019 year appeared to be a very rich dataset with a variety of columns that allowed us to do deep data exploration on each significant column presented. First, we have found hosts that take good advantage of the Airbnb platform and provide the most listings; we found that our top host has 327 listings. After that, we proceeded with analyzing boroughs and neighborhood listing densities and what areas were more popular than another. Next, we put good use of our latitude and longitude columns and used to create a geographical heatmap color-coded by the price of listings. Further, we came back to the first column with name strings and had to do a bit more coding to parse each title and analyze existing trends on how listings are named as well as what was the count for the most used words by hosts. Lastly, we found the most reviewed listings and analyzed some additional attributes. For our data exploration purposes, it also would be nice to have couple additional features, such as positive and negative numeric (0-5 stars) reviews or 0-5 star average review for each listing; addition of these features would help to determine the best-reviewed hosts for NYC along with 'number_of_review' column that is provided. Overall, we discovered a very good number of interesting relationships between features and explained each step of the process. This data analytics is very much mimicked on a higher level on Airbnb Data/Machine Learning team for better business decisions, control over the platform, marketing initiatives, implementation of new features and much more. Therefore, I hope this kernel helps everyone
